docs(migration): simplify v2 experimental changes (#13479)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/guide/migration/rspack_1.x.mdx

## Bundle analysis

The built-in `webpack-bundler-analyzer` has been removed from `@rspack/cli`, and the `--analyze` flag is no longer available. Use [Rsdoctor](/guide/optimization/use-rsdoctor) instead.

## Module compilation changes

### Changed default value of module.parser.javascript.exportsPresence

> The default value of [module.parser.javascript.exportsPresence](/config/module#moduleparserjavascriptexportspresence) changed from `warn` to `error`. If you want to keep the old behavior, explicitly set it to `auto`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of [module.parser.javascript.exportsPresence](/config/module#moduleparserjavascriptexportspresence) has been changed from `warn` to `error`. When detecting non-existent exports, an error will now be thrown directly instead of just a warning.

If you want to restore the old behavior, you can explicitly set it to `auto`:
```
